The log that tracks changes that had been or will be made.

v???? Gear will be added to the repository.

v0.?? SpaceInvaders will be added to the repository.

v0.40 We will welcome Phantom, a side scrolling shooter.

v0.31 Asteroids will have updated icons.
      Projects, if previously generated with Link Time Code Generation turned off, will be turn back on.
      All projects will be compiled using "Multi Threaded (non-dll)" to self-contian code within MSVC140.dll.
      You can no longer move the BREAKOUT pedal out of the designated area.
      Blink and Asteroids will have updated about tab.
      Asteroids, Blink and TallyCounter and Breakout.
      Pong will have updated Controls.
<--I AM HERE-->
v0.30 Blink will be added to the repository. 20x20 grid Conway's Game of Life.
      ASTEROIDS will be added to the repository. Fixed precision.

v0.20 TallyCounter and Rain will be added to the project. They will also receive new icons.

v0.13 GetKeyState will no longer be used.
v0.12 Introduction of splash screens and printing of variables on screen. TallyCounter will be added to the repository.
v0.11 BREAKOUT will no longer have the graphical glitch of the trailing balls. GetASyncKeyState will no longer be used.

v0.10 All projects will now have the version number "0.1" under the "about tab". A graphical installer will be available.
PONG will have updated controls.

v0.03 All projects are now without accelerator table.
v0.02 All projects will now have a proper "control" tab under HELP > CONTROLS and a proper "about" tab under HELP > ABOUT
v0.01 Code will no longer be generated with "link time code generation" and will no longer require require external .dll except those of standard Win32 library.
v0.0 Initial Release
