Copyright (C) 2019 Xcode
Interactive Graphical Program

These program are free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
Thse programs are distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

IGP is a solution -- Interactive Graphical Programs. The programs themselves are independent of each other.

Project at the moment:
Breakout
Pong
IGEP
Snake

Project in the future:
Asteroids
Space Invaders
Slither.io?
Marauder?
Lotus Turbo Challenge (.exe)?
We can have that box-pushing game. Sure. I'll write one.

But yeah, I think I'll stop at Lotus Turbo Challenge. That's enough for the years to come.


We need a installer(.exe) that dump them somewhere in C:\Program Files\Xcode\IGP and add a desktop shortcut to that folder.
This is made so this entire thing will be able to have a signed publisher signature (Xcode) and won't throw any error or stuff.

The entire codebase is also done in the way so that even if their window is not in focus it will still move. Don't check if they are the active window or not, and may cause trouble with other graphical programs (e.g. World of Tanks). A simple window-attention switch need to be included.
Most of the project are rush-throughs and only demonstrates BASIC concept. Feel free to ... change them and ... I don't know. Submit a pull request.

Compiled source? You will be able to find them under the released tab.
